c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.dll.config
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.pdb
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\AxosoftAPI.NET.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\NLog.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Caching.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Common.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.PetaPoco.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Logging.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Logging.NLog.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Model.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.Angular.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Net.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Web.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\NLog.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Caching.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Common.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Data.PetaPoco.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Logging.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Logging.NLog.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Model.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Mvc.Angular.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Web.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\SS.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.AppResources.resources
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.dll
c:\users\jeandrade\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi\obj\Debug\SS.Mvc.AxosoftApi.pdb
